### Hi there 👋

I like to code. Often I'm unhappy with licencing restrictions so I try to find my own solutions if possible. I also delve into physics, and as you might guess, simulations are a part of my focus. Particularly, any intuitive, visual simulations are my goal. Physics simulation training is primarily focused on the data, but this limits the results to physicists and is not adequate in expanding the field to other sectors where other types of scientists would have trouble. Perhaps a pet peeve of mine but the world we interact with is not data-oriented, it's intuitive. I want physics simulations to reflect that, to actually feel like a simulation of the world we are trying to replicate in code.

Everything here is a side project, and I plan on building a multiplatform graphics engine capable of 2D/3D graphics, using signed distance fields. Once this is complete, the physics simulations will follow, although I am working on laying out a system for the physics simulations concurrently. Of interest is the de Broglie-Bohm interpretation of quantum mechanics; with it, I intend to explore the trajectories of ensembles of particles to observe phenomena at the smallest scale possible. If something like superconductivity is possible, then we should be able to capture the mechanism by analyzing a system with this technique.

Of course it's wishful thinking that something may come out of this, but I am optimistic and I'm tired of this interpretation of quantum mechanics being shunned and neglected. There is a great pain in studying the standard interpretation that I wish to alleviate. A stubbornness in it that needs to be met with equal force. I think for at least this last point, I am qualified. I wouldn't be going against the grain otherwise :) 

